so believe it or not on this trip my
wife p.m. with me which is pretty
spectacular since she's afraid of the
box truck so we're camping here this
morning and what I'm doing is making her
it has suppressed so so that she won't
get cranky today like 40 miles outside
of Toronto it's probably backed up
traffic and tell them
it's pretty Jenks
when we're all students ones we couldn't
leave you were being spied on by wooden
dowels and what needs all-seeing eyes
birthday cards and easter seals silently
watching the mics run beneath the wheels
it's all downhill after one last climb
my bike clicked is yours pastime in love
with life but afraid of the world riding
a bicycle main part on the rocking you
got some grab-and-go pizza how is it I
was pretty good on press first gas
station five bucks things can go wrong
confuses me shipping assailants phases
of the Moon the lifting a hand all right
now brian and i are heading up to uh
you're daring to get the car tech
I can fix
I think the chances are pretty good
that's good if we covering 587 all right
so it's friday morning we're just going
over to a park expo today getting ready
for the rally got some t-shirts
hopefully gonna give away or sell or
something and now we got a bunch of
lying on the bed to put on the car first
car is gonna be out about an hour and a
half down you go off on one five four
three two one go right five titans 3
plus narrow jump 50 right 3 plus
to left three cool alright so first
service we had to pull the skid plate
off the oil drain was leaking that was a
little bit loose we tighten that up we
also filled some other crap underneath
to keep stuff from hitting the
intercooler we put some uhmw on their
fill the oil up put the steering wheel
back on and should a good just finished
stage one ready go stage 1 finish get in
the book some the drink will ya three
two one go 100 stay left over crest
Kingston 120 small crest 2682 stay left
overs jump
and stay right over crest 70 way
overheated oh really like ridiculous it
yeah is it because of the plastic art or
something oh I mean we've never really
tested a full stage
right 3 plus right 6 ball jump
collapsing double caution left six over
from slippy 70 feet double kaushal mr.
super from 1570 then write three plus
three right 3 plus
it's hot as crap out here there's a
zillion bugs let me put all our water in
the radiator well I'm really tired of
sweating right now and I want to have
some water but we're trying to decide
whether or not to drink water put it
back in the car have like really really
severe overheating we were wailing on
the car for three miles while was
overheating and then got the end of
stage and let cool off put some
antifreeze we bought on the road section
and then we feel like the steering felt
funny and thought we had a broken
control arm but really just lost the
whole shock so we still have a spring
nothing the wheels not going to fall off
so I'm just going to wear on a spring to
the second rounding of the stator just
going to be rough even rougher after all
the big guys go through again so we'll
see what happens
get some welded nuts or bolts going
through it ripped him right off Carson
shut off for fishing Oh both of the
shots go to the remote reservoir
straight off they're gone now put duct
tape over it so they don't spill it
everywhere come on over heated i'm only
filled it what's on
and Lou why is it two motors into Ali's
I'll tell you why I see motors and do
rallies 100-dollar modems who gives a
crap one rally for we're one voter
Borelli no big deal i got a whole good
luck glove crested how bout badly almost
up that turn hmm no no we got it
just right if you're two inches if
you're to go off the road